README.md, before:

# react-draggable [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/react-draggable.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/react-draggable)

React draggable component

## Installing

```bash
$ npm install react-draggable
# or
$ bower install react-draggable
```

## Demo

http://mzabriskie.github.io/react-draggable/example/

## Example

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */
var React = require('react'),
	Draggable = require('react-draggable');

var App = React.createClass({
	handleStart: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
		console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	handleDrag: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
        console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	handleStop: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
        console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	render: function () {
		return (
			// <Draggable/> transparently adds draggable interactivity
			// to whatever element is supplied as `this.props.children`.
			// Only a single element is allowed or an Error will be thrown.
			//
			// `axis` determines which axis the draggable can move.
			// - 'both' allows movement horizontally and vertically (default).
			// - 'x' limits movement to horizontal axis.
			// - 'y' limits movement to vertical axis.
			//
			// `handle` specifies a selector to be used as the handle that initiates drag.
			//
			// `cancel` specifies a selector to be used to prevent drag initialization.
			//
			// `grid` specifies the x and y that dragging should snap to.
			//
			// `start` specifies the x and y that the dragged item should start at
			//
			// `zIndex` specifies the zIndex to use while dragging.
			//
			// `onStart` is called when dragging starts.
			//
			// `onDrag` is called while dragging.
			//
			// `onStop` is called when dragging stops.

			<Draggable
				axis="x"
				handle=".handle"
				grid={[25, 25]}
				start={{x: 25, y: 25}}
				zIndex={100}
				onStart={this.handleStart}
				onDrag={this.handleDrag}
				onStop={this.handleStop}>
				<div>
					<div className="handle">Drag from here</div>
					<div>Lorem ipsum...</div>
				</div>
			</Draggable>
		);
	}
});

React.renderComponent(<App/>, document.body);
```

## Contributing

- Fork the project
- `$ npm install && npm start`
- Make changes, webpack will watch and rebuild as you make changes
- Add appropriate tests
- `$ npm test`
- If tests don't pass, make them pass.
- Update README with appropriate docs.
- Commit and PR

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add changelog link to README

README.md, after:

# react-draggable [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/react-draggable.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/react-draggable)

A simple component for making elements draggable.

[View the Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## Demo

http://mzabriskie.github.io/react-draggable/example/


## Installing

```bash
$ npm install react-draggable
# or
$ bower install react-draggable
```

## Example

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */
var React = require('react'),
	Draggable = require('react-draggable');

var App = React.createClass({
	handleStart: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
		console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	handleDrag: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
        console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	handleStop: function (event, ui) {
		console.log('Event: ', event);
        console.log('Position: ', ui.position);
	},

	render: function () {
		return (
			// <Draggable/> transparently adds draggable interactivity
			// to whatever element is supplied as `this.props.children`.
			// Only a single element is allowed or an Error will be thrown.
			//
			// `axis` determines which axis the draggable can move.
			// - 'both' allows movement horizontally and vertically (default).
			// - 'x' limits movement to horizontal axis.
			// - 'y' limits movement to vertical axis.
			//
			// `handle` specifies a selector to be used as the handle that initiates drag.
			//
			// `cancel` specifies a selector to be used to prevent drag initialization.
			//
			// `grid` specifies the x and y that dragging should snap to.
			//
			// `start` specifies the x and y that the dragged item should start at
			//
			// `zIndex` specifies the zIndex to use while dragging.
			//
			// `onStart` is called when dragging starts.
			//
			// `onDrag` is called while dragging.
			//
			// `onStop` is called when dragging stops.

			<Draggable
				axis="x"
				handle=".handle"
				grid={[25, 25]}
				start={{x: 25, y: 25}}
				zIndex={100}
				onStart={this.handleStart}
				onDrag={this.handleDrag}
				onStop={this.handleStop}>
				<div>
					<div className="handle">Drag from here</div>
					<div>Lorem ipsum...</div>
				</div>
			</Draggable>
		);
	}
});

React.renderComponent(<App/>, document.body);
```

## Contributing

- Fork the project
- `$ npm install && npm start`
- Make changes, webpack will watch and rebuild as you make changes
- Add appropriate tests
- `$ npm test`
- If tests don't pass, make them pass.
- Update README with appropriate docs.
- Commit and PR

## License

MIT
